=head1 MakeConfigs Stand Alone Installation

Version: =VERSION=

Paul A. Houghton <paul.houghton@wcom.com>

=LAST_MOD=

=head3 Overview

MakeConfigs uses a B<setup> target in it's main Makefile to configure
and install all the tools it uses. Once the version control software
is installed and a copy of MakeConfigs has been checked out, the
B<setup> target will do the rest.

This document describes how to install MakeConfigs as a stand alone
tool. To use a specific version of MakeConfigs with a specific Project
(you probably want to do this), see the L<Project Install|ProjInstall>
documentation.

=head3 Environment

Ther are a few of environment variables used by the build scripts and
make files that need to be set for everthing to run properly these
are:

=over

=item CVSROOT

This identifies the location of the source version repository. See the
L<Overview|Version/Overview> Section of the Version Control Document
to determine how to set this environment variable.

=item TOOL_DIR

This needs to be set to the base directory of all the external tools
and libraries used by MakeConfigs. Its value is based on where you
decide to install these components. If you follow the examples
throughout this document, it would be set to:

    export TOOL_DIR=/Tools

=item PATH

This needs to have $TOOL_DIR/bin before any other system directories
and should also contain '.' for convience.

For example:

    export PATH=.:$TOOL_DIR/bin:$PATH

=back

=head3 Setup Directories

Run the following commands to setup the directory structure used by
MakeConfigs:

    mkdir -p $TOOL_DIR
    mkdir -p $TOOL_DIR/src/Build/Libs

=head3 Check Out a Copy of MakeConfigs

See the L<Version Control|Version> documentation for instructions.

=head3 Setup and Configure MakeConfigs

Run the systems version of the make command to build the setup target
in the main Makefile. As far as I know, the make command can be found
in the following locations:

    Sun OS     /usr/ccs/bin/make
    AIX        /usr/bin/make
    Linux      /usr/bin/make

Execute the following commands to build the setup target:

    cd $TOOL_DIR/src/Build/Libs
    make -f lib=PROJECT=-=VER_MAJOR=/Makefile setup

=head3 Install The System

To install MakeConfigs, Use GNU make to Build the install target in
the main Makefile.

    cd $TOOL_DIR/src/Build/Libs
    $TOOL_DIR/bin/make -C lib=PROJECT=-=VER_MAJOR= install_all



=for html
<hr>

Paul A. Houghton <paul.houghton@wcom.com>

Last Modified: =LAST_MOD=

$Id$

=cut

$Log$
Revision 1.1  2001/07/26 19:29:01  houghton
*** empty log message ***

Revision 1.1  2000/06/04 18:01:13  houghton
Initial Version.

Revision 1.1  2000/05/31 11:20:21  houghton
Initial Version.

