=head1 Installing =PROJECT= as part of your Project

Version: =VERSION=

Paul A. Houghton <paul.houghton@wcom.com>

=LAST_MOD=

=head3 Overview

This document describes how to install a specific version of =PROJECT=
as part of your project.

=head3 Prerequisites

Befor you use =PROJECT= you wil have to have the correct compiler
installed for your host. See
B<MakeConfigs Platforms>
(L<|http://sideswipe.wcom.com/Tools/MakeConfigs/user/Platforms.html>)
for details.

You will also have to have cvs installed and login to the cvs
server. See L<Version Control|Version> for more info.

=head3 Environment

Ther are a few of environment variables used by the build scripts and
make files that need to be set for everthing to run properly these
are:

=over

=item TOOL_DIR

This needs to be set to the base directory of all the external tools
and libraries used by MakeConfigs. Its value is based on where you
decide to install these components. If you follow the examples
throughout this document, it would be set to:

    export TOOL_DIR=/Tools

=item PATH

This needs to have $TOOL_DIR/bin before any other system directories
and should also contain '.' for convience.

For example:

    export PATH=.:$TOOL_DIR/bin:$PATH

=back

=head3 Makefile Variables and Targets

Add the following Makefile variables and targets to your setup
Makefile. I recommend you creating a support/Setup.Makefile for these
targets and variables.

    PROJECT	    = ChangeMeToYourProjectName

    #
    # Note: the install dirs are only examples
    # just set them to the directories you want
    # the various components installed in
    #
    INSTALL_BIN_DIR	    = $(PROJECT)/bin
    INSTALL_INC_DIR	    = $(PROJECT)/include
    INSTALL_LIB_DIR	    = $(PROJECT)/lib
    INSTALL_DOC_MAN_DIR	    = $(PROJECT)/docs/man/StlUtils
    INSTALL_DOC_HTML_DIR    = $(PROJECT)/docs/html/StlUtils

    cvsroot   = :pserver:cvsguest@sideswipe.wcom.com:/Tools/src/CvsRepository

    libs_build_dir  = $(TOOL_DIR)/src/Build/Libs

    STLUTILS	    = libStlUtils-=VER_MAJOR=
    stlutils_hh	    = $(INSTALL_INC_DIR)/StlUtilsConfig.hh

    exports	    =
	    INSTALL_BIN_DIR=$(INSTALL_BIN_DIR)			\
	    INSTALL_INC_DIR=$(INSTALL_INC_DIR)			\
	    INSTALL_LIB_DIR=$(INSTALL_LIB_DIR)			\
	    INSTALL_DOC_MAN_DIR=$(INSTALL_DOC_MAN_DIR)		\
	    INSTALL_DOC_HTML_DIR=$(INSTALL_DOC_HTML_DIR)	\
	    show_commands=$(show_commands)			\
	    check_install=$(check_install)

    $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS):
	    cd $(libs_build_dir) && cvs $(cvsroot) co $(STLUTILS)

    $(stlutils_hh): $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS)
	    cd $(libs_build_dir) 
	    && $(MAKE) -f $(STLUTILS)/Makefile setup $(exports)
	    $(TOOL_DIR)/bin/make -C $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS) check
	    $(TOOL_DIR)/bin/make -C $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS) install_all
	    $(TOOL_DIR)/bin/make -C $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS) install_man
	    $(TOOL_DIR)/bin/make -C $(libs_build_dir)/$(STLUTILS) install_html


=for html
<hr>

Paul A. Houghton <paul.houghton@wcom.com>

$Id$

Last Modified: =LAST_MOD=

=cut

$Log$
Revision 6.1  2003/08/09 11:22:39  houghton
Changed to version 6

Revision 1.2  2000/06/05 13:13:14  houghton
Cleanup.

Revision 1.1  2000/06/04 18:01:13  houghton
Initial Version.


